Are you serious?
Are you really willing to marry me?
OK
Yeah, I heard about that.
Thanks to you this time
Otherwise I decide to go together
Fart you two think I'm stupid
Can vegetative people be cured so easily?
Grandpa, what I said is true
If he hadn't shut up
You and your dad are ugly
Back then, your father insisted on marrying a village girl
You'd better marry such a hillbilly
Grandpa, he's not a country bumpkin
He is the eldest young master of Huaxin Chamber of Commerce
Or did he invite God Yi Ding Wenxiu over?
Just saved me
Hahaha Xiaoxue, Xiaoxue
You really can talk
I've heard of the evil chamber of commerce
That's an international financial consortium
All this poor boy can handle
Grandpa, what I said is true, right?
This is Dr. Joe Hodge
Ding Wenxiu's disciple